c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Weebix.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Weebix.pdb
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\bin\fr\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\obj\Debug\Weebix.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\obj\Debug\Weebix.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Weebix\Weebix\obj\Debug\Weebix.pdb
